Sister, why are you so stupid?
Are you hurt?
He just developed inflammation of the skin
Symptoms develop
Don't worry, I can cure it.
By the way, Dong'er
This amazing doctor Chen
He cured your heroic paralysis
He will surely cure you
Can you cure it now? Don't worry.
Dr. Chen, this medicinal fish is amazing
My skin is much better.
That's great, Mrs. Chen
You saved my sister's life
I don't know. I don't know how to thank you.
Why don't I give you a villa?
It's just south of Yunhai Mountain, that longan real estate.
Do you have a villa there?
Yes, just bought it.
Ah.
I'll go back to your name soon, no need.
Just sell it to me at a discount.
Hey, something happened to Chen Hao, you're going to be arrested